[wip]feat(react-chart): add zoom and pan for chart (#1917)
DevExpress/devextreme-reactive: packages/dx-react-chart/docs/reference/zoom-and-pan.md

interactionWithArguments? | 'none' &#124; 'pan' &#124; 'zoom' &#124; 'both' | The type of interaction available for the argument scale.
interactionWithValues? | 'none' &#124; 'pan' &#124; 'zoom' &#124; 'both' | The type of interaction available for the value scale.
zoomRegionKey? | 'shift' &#124; 'alt' &#124; 'ctrl' | The key the allows a user to zoom a region by selecting it with the mouse drag gesture.
dragBoxComponent? | ComponentType&lt;[Viewport.DragBoxProps](#viewportdragboxprops)&gt; | A component that renders the rectangle that appears when a user zooms a region.

## Interfaces

### Viewport

The viewport configuration.

Field | Type | Description
------|------|------------
argumentStart | any | The viewport's start boundary on the argument scale.
argumentEnd | any | The viewport's end boundary on the argument scale.
valueStart | any | The viewport's start boundary on the value scale.
valueEnd | any | The viewport's end boundary on the value scale.
scaleName | string | The scale on which `valueStart` and `valueEnd` should be applied.

### Viewport.DragBoxProps

> Describes properties passed to a component that renders the rectangle appearing when a user zooms a region with the mouse drag gesture.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Describes properties passed to a component that renders the rectangle that appears when a user zooms a region with the mouse drag gesture.
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Describes properties passed to a component that renders the rectangle around the area a user zooms with the mouse drag gesture.
```
